What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?
David's father has three sons : Snap, Crackle and ___ ?
What are moving left to right, right now?
I am tall when I'm young and short when I'm old. I can brighten your day, unless it's windy. What am I?
I am not alive, but I grow; I don't have lungs, but I need air I don't have a mouth, but water kills me. What am I?
What goes up but never comes down?
Always in you, sometimes on you. If I surround you, I can kill you. What am I?
Until I am measured I am not known, yet how you miss me when I have flown. What am I?
What loses its head in the morning and gets it back at night?
If you have me, you want to share me. But if you share me, you no longer have me. What am I?
You've heard me before, yet you hear me again. Then I die until you call me again. What am I?
I am the beginning of the end, and the end of time and space. I am essential to creation, and I surround every place. What am I?
Almost everyone needs it, asks for it, gives it, but almost nobody takes it. What is it?
If you drop me I am sure to crack, but give me a smile and I'll always smile back. What am I?
You bury me when I am alive and dig me up I am dead. What am I?
If you are right you will go further else you get stuck if you are here you are quite a thinker What am I?
I am a seed with three letters in my name. Take away the last two and I still sound the same. What am I?
I am white perfect for cutting and grinding, For most animals, I am a useful tool. What am I?
I am not alive but i have five fingers. What am I?
People buy to eat ,but never eat me. What am I?
I am somewhere between the ground and the sky, alway far in the distance, always moving further away if one attempts to come closer. What am I?
I exsit only when there is a light,but direct light can kill me. What am I?
I can travel around the world staying in the same corner. What am I?
What is more useful when it is broken?
What has six faces, but does not wear makeup, and twenty-one eyes, but cannot see?